docs/src/tutorials/DiffEqBiological.md, before:

# Use with @reaction_network from DiffEqBiological.jl.

Latexify.jl has methods for dealing with AbstractReactionNetworks. For more information regarding this DSL, turn to its [docs](http://docs.juliadiffeq.org/latest/models/biological.html). The latexify end of things are pretty simple: feed a reaction network to the `latexify` or `latexalign` functions (they do the same thing in this case) and let them do their magic.

```julia
using DifferentialEquations
using Latexify
copy_to_clipboard(true)

@reaction_func hill2(x, v, k) = v*x^2/(k^2 + x^2)

rn = @reaction_network MyRnType begin
  hill2(y, v_x, k_x), 0 --> x
  p_y, 0 --> y
  (d_x, d_y), (x, y) --> 0
  (r_b, r_u), x ↔ y
end v_x k_x p_y d_x d_y r_b r_u

latexify(rn)
```
\begin{align}
\frac{dx}{dt} =& - x \cdot d_{x} - x \cdot r_{b} + y \cdot r_{u} + \frac{y^{2} \cdot v_{x}}{k_{x}^{2} + y^{2}} \\\\
\frac{dy}{dt} =& p_{y} + x \cdot r_{b} - y \cdot d_{y} - y \cdot r_{u} \\\\
\end{align}

The method has a keyword for choosing between outputting the ODE or the noise term. While it is not obvious from the latexify output, the noise in the reaction network is correlated.

```julia
latexify(rn; noise=true)
```
\begin{align}
\frac{dx}{dt} =& - \sqrt{x \cdot d_{x}} - \sqrt{x \cdot r_{b}} + \sqrt{y \cdot r_{u}} + \sqrt{\frac{y^{2} \cdot v_{x}}{k_{x}^{2} + y^{2}}} \\\\
\frac{dy}{dt} =& \sqrt{p_{y}} + \sqrt{x \cdot r_{b}} - \sqrt{y \cdot d_{y}} - \sqrt{y \cdot r_{u}} \\\\
\end{align}


### Turning off the SymEngine magic

SymEngine will be used by default to clean up the expressions. A disadvantage of this is that the order of the terms and the operations within the terms becomes unpredictable. You can therefore turn this symbolic magic off. The result has some ugly issues with $+ -1$, but the option is there, and here is how to use it:  
```julia
latexify(rn; symbolic=false)
```
\begin{align}
\frac{dx}{dt} =& \frac{v_{x} \cdot y^{2}}{k_{x}^{2} + y^{2}} + -1 \cdot d_{x} \cdot x + -1 \cdot r_{b} \cdot x + r_{u} \cdot y \\\\
\frac{dy}{dt} =& p_{y} + -1 \cdot d_{y} \cdot y + r_{b} \cdot x + -1 \cdot r_{u} \cdot y \\\\
\end{align}

```julia
latexify(rn; noise=true, symbolic=false)
```
\begin{align}
\frac{dx}{dt} =& \sqrt{\frac{v_{x} \cdot y^{2}}{k_{x}^{2} + y^{2}}} + - \sqrt{d_{x} \cdot x} + - \sqrt{r_{b} \cdot x} + \sqrt{r_{u} \cdot y} \\\\
\frac{dy}{dt} =& \sqrt{p_{y}} + - \sqrt{d_{y} \cdot y} + \sqrt{r_{b} \cdot x} + - \sqrt{r_{u} \cdot y} \\\\
\end{align}

### Getting the jacobian.

The ReactionNetwork type has a field for a symbolically calculated jacobian. This can be rendered by:

```julia
latexarray(rn.symjac)
```
\begin{equation}
\left[
\begin{array}{cc}
\- d_{x} - r_{b} & r_{u} + \frac{2 \cdot y \cdot v_{x}}{k_{x}^{2} + y^{2}} - \frac{2 \cdot y^{3} \cdot v_{x}}{\left( k_{x}^{2} + y^{2} \right)^{2}}\\\\
r_{b} & - d_{y} - r_{u}\\\\
\end{array}
\right]
\end{equation}


The DiffEqBiological package is currently undergoing development, but when the reaction network type gets extended with invers Jacobians, Hessians, etc, latexarray will be able to latexify them.

Commit message:

Add chemical reaction arrow notation support.

docs/src/tutorials/DiffEqBiological.md, after:

# Use with @reaction_network from DiffEqBiological.jl.

Latexify.jl has methods for dealing with AbstractReactionNetworks. For more information regarding this DSL, turn to its [docs](http://docs.juliadiffeq.org/latest/models/biological.html). The latexify end of things are pretty simple: feed a reaction network to the `latexify` or `latexalign` functions (they do the same thing in this case) and let them do their magic.

```julia
using DiffEqBiological
using Latexify
copy_to_clipboard(true)

@reaction_func hill2(x, v, k) = v*x^2/(k^2 + x^2)

rn = @reaction_network MyRnType begin
  hill2(y, v_x, k_x), 0 --> x
  p_y, 0 --> y
  (d_x, d_y), (x, y) --> 0
  (r_b, r_u), x ↔ y
end v_x k_x p_y d_x d_y r_b r_u

latexify(rn)
```
\begin{align}
\frac{dx}{dt} =& - x \cdot d_{x} - x \cdot r_{b} + y \cdot r_{u} + \frac{y^{2} \cdot v_{x}}{k_{x}^{2} + y^{2}} \\\\
\frac{dy}{dt} =& p_{y} + x \cdot r_{b} - y \cdot d_{y} - y \cdot r_{u} \\\\
\end{align}

The method has a keyword for choosing between outputting the ODE or the noise term. While it is not obvious from the latexify output, the noise in the reaction network is correlated.

```julia
latexify(rn; noise=true)
```
\begin{align}
\frac{dx}{dt} =& - \sqrt{x \cdot d_{x}} - \sqrt{x \cdot r_{b}} + \sqrt{y \cdot r_{u}} + \sqrt{\frac{y^{2} \cdot v_{x}}{k_{x}^{2} + y^{2}}} \\\\
\frac{dy}{dt} =& \sqrt{p_{y}} + \sqrt{x \cdot r_{b}} - \sqrt{y \cdot d_{y}} - \sqrt{y \cdot r_{u}} \\\\
\end{align}


### Turning off the SymEngine magic

SymEngine will be used by default to clean up the expressions. A disadvantage of this is that the order of the terms and the operations within the terms becomes unpredictable. You can therefore turn this symbolic magic off. The result has some ugly issues with $+ -1$, but the option is there, and here is how to use it:  
```julia
latexify(rn; symbolic=false)
```
\begin{align}
\frac{dx}{dt} =& \frac{v_{x} \cdot y^{2}}{k_{x}^{2} + y^{2}} + -1 \cdot d_{x} \cdot x + -1 \cdot r_{b} \cdot x + r_{u} \cdot y \\\\
\frac{dy}{dt} =& p_{y} + -1 \cdot d_{y} \cdot y + r_{b} \cdot x + -1 \cdot r_{u} \cdot y \\\\
\end{align}

```julia
latexify(rn; noise=true, symbolic=false)
```
\begin{align}
\frac{dx}{dt} =& \sqrt{\frac{v_{x} \cdot y^{2}}{k_{x}^{2} + y^{2}}} + - \sqrt{d_{x} \cdot x} + - \sqrt{r_{b} \cdot x} + \sqrt{r_{u} \cdot y} \\\\
\frac{dy}{dt} =& \sqrt{p_{y}} + - \sqrt{d_{y} \cdot y} + \sqrt{r_{b} \cdot x} + - \sqrt{r_{u} \cdot y} \\\\
\end{align}


## Chemical arrow notation

DiffEqBiologicals reaction network is all about chemical arrow notation, so why should we not be able to render arrows?

Use `latexify`'s `env` keyword argument to specify that you want `:chemical` (or the equivalent `:arrow`, `:arrows` or `:chem`).

```julia
latexify(rn; env=:chemical)
```

$\require{mhchem} \\ \ce{ \varnothing ->[\mathrm{hill2}\left( y, v_{x}, k_{x} \right)] x} \\\ce{ \varnothing ->[p_{y}] y} \\\ce{ x ->[d_{x}] \varnothing} \\\ce{ y ->[d_{y}] \varnothing} \\\ce{ x ->[r_{b}] y} \\\ce{ y ->[r_{u}] x} \\$


Usually, we want the latexified output to be rendered directly on our screen. This rendering is usually done by Mathjax. To get the chemical arrow notation to render automatically, I have included a Mathjax command (`\require{mhchem}`) in the output string. If you want to use the output in a real LaTeX document, you can pass the keyword argument `mathjax=false` and this extra command will be omitted.  

Currently, DiffEqBiological's reaction type does not store information about which reactions were bi-directional, so we are only getting unidirectional arrows. However, I have it on good authority that this will be remedied at some point. If this feature is important to you, let us know and we may increase the priority of this issue.

Also, `latexify` does not currently treat $\leftarrow$ and $\Leftarrow$ differently. In DiffEqBiological, $\Leftarrow$ means that mass action is not assumed. It would be easy to fix this, but I do not know how to represent this in LaTeX. If you do, then please open an issue and enlighten us!
